all of his co-workers were gone what
could it mean
stana decided to go to the meeting room
perhaps he had simply missed a memo
when Stanley came to a set of to open
doors he entered the door on his left
this was not the correct way to the
meeting room and standing you it
perfectly well perhaps he wanted to stop
by the employee lounge first just to
admire it ah yes truly a room worth
admiring it had really been worth the
detour after all just to spend a few
moments here in this immaculate
beautifully constructed room
Stanley's simply stood here drinking it
all in but eager to get back to business
Stanley took the first open door on his
left stanley was so bad at following
directions it's incredible he wasn't
five years ago
look Stanley I think perhaps we've
gotten off on the wrong foot here I'm
not your enemy really the more I realize
that invested in your trust in someone
else can be difficult but the fact is
that the story has been about nothing
but you all this time there's someone
you've been neglecting Stanley someone
you've forgotten about please stop
trying to make every decision by
yourself I'm not asking for me I'm
asking for them this is it Stanley your
chance to redeem yourself to put your
work aside to let her back into your
life she's been waiting
that's her Stanley you need to be the
one to do this to reach out to her if
you can truly place your faith in
another then pick up the phone
you
well Stanley is that you hold on sweetie
sorry to keep you waiting I'm just
pulling the bread out of the oven oh
right okay there we go
all right now I want you to come in and
tell me all that you do gotcha
oh come on did you actually think you
had a loving wife they'd want to commit
their life to you I'm trying to make a
point here Stanley and trying to get you
to see something
come inside let me show you what's
really going on here this is a very sad
story about the death of a man named
Stanley
Stanly is quite a boring fellow he has a
job that demands nothing of him and
every button that he pushes is a
reminder of the inconsequential nature
of his existence look at him there
pushing buttons doing exactly what he's
told to do now he's pushing a button now
he's eating lunch now he's going home
now he's coming back to work one might
even feel sorry for him except that he's
chosen this life but in his mind
ah in his mind he can go on fantastic
adventures from behind his desk
Stanley dreamed of wild expeditions into
the unknown fantastic discoveries or new
lands it was wonderful and each day that
he returned to work was a reminder that
none of it would ever happen to him
and so he began to fantasize about his
own job first he imagined that one day
while at work he stepped up from his
desk to realize that all of his
co-workers his boss everyone in the
building
had suddenly vanished off the face of
the earth
the thought excited him terribly
so he went further he imagined that he
came to to open doors and that he could
go through either at last choice it
barely even mattered what lay behind
each door the mere thought that his
decisions would mean something was
almost too wonderful to behold as he
wandered through this fantasy world he
began to fill it with many possible
paths and destinations down one pathway
an enormous round room with monitors and
mind controls and down another was a
yellow line that weaved in many
directions and down another was a game
with a baby and he called it the Stanley
parable it was such a wonderful fantasy
and so in his head he relived it again
and then again and again over and over
wishing beyond hope that it would never
end
that he might always feel this free
surely there's an answer down some new
path Muhsin happy perhaps if he played
just one more time but there is no
answer how could there possibly be in
reality if all he's doing is pushing the
same buttons he always has nothing has
changed the longer he spends here the
more invested he gets the more he
forgets which life is the real one
and I'm trying to tell him this that in
this world he can never be anything but
an observer that as long as he remains
here he's slowly killing himself but he
won't listen to me
he won't stop here watch this stand me
the next time the screen asks you to
push a button do not do it you see can
he just not hear me how can I tell him
in a way that he'll understand that
every second he remains here he's
electing to kill himself
how can I get him to see what I see how
can I make him look at himself
who suppose I can't not in the way I
want him to but I don't make the rules
I simply play to my intended purpose the
same as Stanley we're not so different I
suppose I'll try once more to convey all
this to him I'm compelled to I must
perhaps well maybe this time you'll see
maybe this time and I tried again and
Stanley pushed a button and I tried
again and Stanley pushed a button and I
you